Fix spelling and punctuation issues in GitHub CLI quickstart docs (#41558)
github/docs: content/github-cli/github-cli/quickstart.md

## Some useful commands

> [!NOTE]

> > When you use some commands for the first time - for example, `gh codespace SUBCOMMAND` - you'll be prompted to add extra scopes to your authentication token. follow the on-screen instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When you use some commands for the first time - for example, `gh codespace SUBCOMMAND` - you'll be prompted to add extra scopes to your authentication token. follow the onscreen instructions.
```
We use "onscreen" preferentially over "on-screen" throughout the docs.
